# Meeting Minutes
**Date: 04/02/24**

## Agenda
1. Discuss what needs to be done for the presentation
2. Discuss MVP creation
3. Go over what is left related to code

## Notes
1.Went over what currently exists for the presentation, PR created
2. Discussed getting MVP doc done by friday
3. Game loop + formatting sprites are outstanding tasks

## Action Items
* Group Member `bella`
    * Create MVP

* Group Member `ren`
    * finish sprites

* Group Member `all`
    * contribute as need to presentation slides, wait till friday for MVP gifs/images

* Group Member `heidi`
    * create story slides



## Contributors
* Ren Paxson
* Bella Brickler
* Heidi Raber
* Joe Claborn
