# Meeting Minutes
**Date:3/12/2024**

## Agenda
1. Discuss remainder of design doc
2. Plan next sprint

## Notes
1. Need a process diagram for UI specifically 
2. Went over last sprint and added new items to this sprint

## Action Items
* Group Member `all`
    * Work on sprint items

## Contributors
* Bella Brickler
* Ren Paxson
* Group Member