# Meeting Minutes
**Date:3/8/2024**

## Agenda
1. Discuss progress on Sprint
2. Discuss progress on Design Doc

## Notes
1. Went over button container and the possible routes towards implmenting the design.
2. Went over need to add diagrams to the doc

## Action Items
* Group Member `All`
    * Keep working on sprint items

* Group Member `Ren,Bella,Heidi`
    * Create diagrams for design doc

## Contributors
* Bella Brickler
* Group Member
* Group Member